O
and there people who want to talk and gutters and the minute that I had promised in the
truth is three
and playing
basically with the institute
another
which is a step because I know it well
no other known fatal gambling is a game basically
instinctive
The most important decisions that today make the palm trees choose a good
suitable
what the tigers
on the 10th
and it is from there the beginning using the tactic has to be good only a detail
or vertical vision as face did not leave
I'm going to go around the house to protect me, sing, we want to hear.
my problem without exposing myself much
at the formal end
especially if they are conflicting
I resolved very close even the sebrae of taking effort on the back
so a very very close proximity
and you have to wash it well things will happen then if we mark with
the predetermined criteria
solve
yet nevertheless pressing as what you are going to do them so why
is opposite
I stopped and napalm
and I took the third test I do not remember the year but stay for a dead
clinton talking
I can throw three bombs this time the boys throw water
when he started helping Inter he knows exactly what to do at the end of the game
I have this set
I'm going to play with false bottom I'm doing what I have to do a good
control had access to the process and not be surprised if not you
s 25 when being placed
with the player in his duties
and this game was interesting that I used crack
exactly to avoid
detail dealt with in one person was today
blackout its prisoners a profile command of modern but the two are far
they reach
and here comes the first bandit game
I'm going to get the napalm or I'm a caboccan fashionista, the botafogo goes through
kashima
teacher teaches and then comes another more bizarre one that I'm going to do being a
ladder
she just stayed
up and down
only the first place to do anything defined
and will also be stressed real
but there but in the minds of athletes important embezzlements
can not give mole
I asked to think that a punishment was good because my gun was killing
even I did not feel this uncomfortable but I come all around
we have to react with growth because you
so in some situations if you already have people internally
br press - you will take out otherwise you will have detriment the new reinforcement that
must vacate the bike until next year
anyway
made back up run after new detail because insists that the circuses
political conflicts they can facilitate in the sea because the falcon
in the yard is the most difficult next
how everything and choked the caetano in the abc paulista
this time as social in 2010
gave a name above surprise nor such as the games happened very pressed if
do not have time to pick one up until probabilities are solved
with everyone speaking that I am very close to you, you will see that the three
higher than the first is not so big
so if you make a previous choice to try to make a safe game to cancer
and after having done the funserv idea presentation party is
work more effectively more efficiently
your own game
they are awful silly
but it is seen that capitalism
alive
high-temperature bridge in Porto Alegre are happy that one of them is
difficult but I made mine
none other than President Ansa
business in the future
but what pleases the fans wanted once again in another
that's right
falsifying the truth will have nothing the minimum footage
small map discounting this tool will be another plus another themes
the soccer
and we'll surprise but then there was a charge has becker
there's no problem in them
also French
doubts
then those 2 goals in the event better saying they will happen in the fenced
found in several and several parties
the promotions carried out abroad
not 65 years to give way
it's one after another
there the guy already gave support and did not leave
you have to record exactly where you may be missing
and I left behind
In San Vicente, I ended up leaving normal theater grass and went with my
goal things that this one after hitting his chief editor is severe hi-torque
voting the audit the event has it there was just to take a look
Scorpion will not appear
a synthesis of the states
after 13
and the second placed 18
a18 qualifying the two is the third placed
fourteen
and died ten
no matter where
if you're going to die
thirty times in fact that such you have to kill thirty times
this transition has been invited
clinton
pounds
and end point moved with the rest if you're going to do that
It may be good for you.
if not as fast as possible explained
later but you have to go
actually worry about closing the game
There are people who go there kills 10 and 9 0
in mountains concepts that is not only what goes
if the most important was the third
but it is important in the process that two of them by doing roads abc
in this event
it's a common game to have sexual abuse ended up affecting a lot I do not give too much
well and have already signed their termination fixed is a winner rumors and when I get
still
quiet goose
so I stay
cut times more in the field
In this month
but this detail
one of the producers of the film promises a lot and this time connection
We even connect
the criticism that loves me does not kill
sanchez son
were recorded acts of sword-to-strap currently reaches a
good player another day only a lousy player and I think this is not
just like that
I hope you enjoyed
by denver nobody
Did you like performance in training?
and until next Sunday
here it is on the known map
the unknown map and some interesting attitudes
thanks for the next